Monday: 19th
- Pass
  Spent the morning learning about pass 
  I asked Travis Just before Noon and he explained it Wasn't sysops-pass but the sysops-docs repo I needed. Done after long lunch. 
  Lastpass extension installed 
  Learned the Google meet app will dump you into an empty room instead of your meeting. Check the name a the bottom left of the screen to verify you're in the correct room. 
  Completed the Mandetory infosec training


Tuesday: 20th

  Todo: 
    Get the apache ldap tool installed to change my password.
    Sign and test my keys and remember my passphrase. (Done)
    Finish setting up my laptop. (Constant Process)
    Need to find a time to shadow Thomas (Done)

  Actual: 
    Met with Tristan over Jira, 
    Install and configure Karbiner   
    Time SCheduled with Thomas for Weds. 
    Installed the Amethyst tiling manager and spent time making it work. 
      Aborted as it doesn't support this version of MacOS
    1:1 with Daniel

Wednesday: 21st

  todo: 
    Sign and test my keys. (Done) 
    Install the ldap tool
    Look for tickets to work on from the team.

  Actual: 
    Team Meeting. 
    Shadow with Thomas. Received all kinds of Nagios info. 
    More env setup. This time for aws. (Python, venv, aws CLI)
    Received new tickets.
    Capa at 3.    
    I can now access passwords in pass. ( Tested password retrieval in pass ) 
    Huddle with Brady at 4 to learn how to set up datasources. 
      Having issues with MFA and awscreds ~ Testing.
    

Thursday: 22nd
    
  Todo:
    Sort AWS script for access ( Brady helped get me there but it's not accepting the OTP )
    Get started on poking through the tickets. 
    Get with Brandy on the data sources once the AWS issue is fixed. 
    
  Blocker:
    AWS not accepting my OTP at the CLI

  Actual:
    Meetings till Noon
    Abdel and I helped each other out with running reports and we sorted my aws issue. 
    Went over gpg and pass with Jose, and Thomas
    paired with Brady and attended the security review. 

Friday: 
  Query: 
    Sumo - Data Tiering. Is this an approved event?
  
  Todo:
    Datasources with Brady
    Python environment for scripts with Geoff and ABdel ( Hopefully )
    Trust keys in sysops-pass. Jose pointed out I still have some work to do there. 
    
  Actual: 
    Sorted out pyenv with Gavin and Abdel
    Ran isoaudit.py as an exercisee
    paired with Brady to get needed info for Quicksight data sources
    completed 3 of 4 data sources
      Missing dal_kms database in eu-central-1 and lacked information on what, if anything, needed to be created with or inserted into the database or I would have created it. 
      Found the Dox detailing how to create an RDS instance for the DB but preferred to wait to make sure that was the correct step. 
      
Monday 
Todo: 
  Trust keys
  Add passwords to pass

  

    
     

         
